      course number: CSE337
  assignment number: 1
               name: Michael Salerno
          ID number: 108512298
python release used: 2.7.5
      platform used: fedora linux

one.py:
    	Enter a number and press enter over and over. When you want to stop, input 	-99 like the questions asked.
    	The second largest number will be printed.

    	test case:
        	1,2,3,4,6,5
        	5,1,2,3,4,6

two.py:
    	The question specifically asked to decode the text in the question, so the 	text is hard coded. However if you wish to use a different message then 	change the value of msg to the message you want

five.py:
    	run the program and then enter a the course number on one line separated by 	spaces only

    	test cases:
        	100 200 300 400 401 110 404 404

six.py
    	Enter the text file of the ls output and then month, then year.
    	There is a ls.txt that you can use that is from the sample in the question.

seven.py:
    	Just run the file, both parts were done in the same program since we needed 	to use the function we made in part one for part two.

question three:
    	a)  If n and r are both 0 then the loop will continue to the top of the loop 	not printing x

    	b) It would continue the loop and print x, then loop back up until it reached 	the end of the range list or broke out of the loop, it
    	will be printing n and r while it loops

    	c)  it will do the same thing that a does except print 2's this time not o's


question four:
    	a)  The first expression will make a list with 3 of each element from lst. 	The second will make a list of lists, each
     	sub-list containing the same elements as lst.

    	b)  Each of the second sub elements in arr will be replaced by 7 since 	setting them equal only makes a shallow copy.

    	c)  This time the first list gets a deep copy in the first section then the 	first section gets shallow copied into
    	the rest of the list. So when you change an element in one of the sub lists 	it will be changed into all of them.
